The elements of good health are physical and mental fitness. If both are maintained, a person will enjoy a better life. How can we achieve that state? First, we have to find out the factors influencing physical health. We have to learn about the lifestyle diseases that affect our health and check the ways to avoid or manage them. Secondly, we have to eat good food and maintain a healthy diet. We need to ensure a balanced diet and good food habits to provide nutrition to our systems. In this aspect, we also have to find out the harmful foods we generally prefer eating and avoid them. Regular exercise is the third most important part of good health. When we are physically active, our muscles remain functional. We get hurt very less and also recover faster. We can also maintain our body balance better when we are involved in physical activities.


The next phase is mental happiness. What makes us happy? One can be happy watching TV all the time. Sitting on the couch all day long can also make someone happy but is it a healthy choice? This type of lifestyle choice should be immediately avoided. Choosing a sedentary lifestyle is nothing but an invitation to different diseases. The current urban population is suffering from weight-related issues. Being overweight also makes the situation worse. Lifestyle diseases such as high blood pressure, diabetes, cholesterol elevation, cardiovascular diseases, etc develop at a young age.


We also need to make better choices when it comes to mental health. Playing sports with your buddies will help you relax and de-stress. You can also take a walk in the park and enjoy the greenery. Avoid spending more time on the screen and try to develop a hobby that suits you. In this way, you can become happier and stay healthier.


A person also needs to choose better social factors to remain free from social stigmas. Cognitive health and social health are equally important. Adding more stress will not be the solution. Keep exercising physically and mentally to remain fit and enjoy good health and longer life. Make your home stress-free with good habits and keep everyone healthy.