Health in america:

Why is Healthcare Important to Society?
"Healthcare and medicine is a broad term that refers to a system involving maintenance and enhancement of medical services to cater to the health demands of human beings and other living creatures. The quality of healthcare services is one of the most critical factors that predetermines a country's well-being. The system usually varies depending on the healthcare policies of the region. In highly industrialized countries (i.e.countries of the First World), the system is advanced, with almost every citizen having unrestricted access to healthcare services. The low economic level in underdeveloped countries exerts an adverse impact on the healthcare system of these nations."

Is Healthcare a Right or a Privilege
"In the countries of the Third World, healthcare and medicine are not developed enough to save the lives of all of their citizens. Most of them cannot afford quality services, and that is the main difference between developed and underdeveloped countries as far as healthcare is concerned. Unlike poor people, the rich should make health their priority. However, they often neglect to do so, wasting almost all their money on things that harm their body, such as tobacco, alcoholic beverages, drugs, etc. In other words, they tend to have more bad habits, and they value their health less."

Overweight is Putting Strain on the Health Care in the United States
"Childhood obesity in the United States has reached epidemic proportions. This type of disorder has adverse effects on both physical and mental health, as obese kids tend to fall victim to school bullies. The worst consequence of being overweight is Diabetes Type II, and, unfortunately, more and more US children are facing this problem. The pivotal role in the increase in fat intake is played by environmental factors, tastes and preferences, and culture. Highly stressful activities like homework assignments may cause the child to eat more sweets, while their parents do nothing to restrict their consumption of sugar-rich foods. And finally, the lack of physical exercises also takes its toll."

